[Music]
your thumb shape can tell you the truth
about your personality our hands can
reveal a lot about us even the shape of
your finger can say a lot to a
criminalist especially the thumb which
is often not even considered a finger it
is unique because it has two phalanges
rather than three and it controls your
handwriting this digit makes us
different in comparison to other animals
but also among ourselves here's an
interesting thumb classification tool
that can reveal something about your
personality but first hit the
subscription button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life so are you ready
then take a look at the shape of your
thumb your thumb looks like the a type
if both phalanges of the thumb are the
same you are a balanced person who tries
to find harmony and peace people with
this thumb shape are mostly calm and
good at talking and teaching and all
your knowledge is tested with life there
are many friends and relatives around
you who need your attention for a good
piece of advice because you show empathy
like no one else your thumb looks like B
type if your first part of a thumb is
longer than the second one then you are
a perfectionist you are very dedicated
to your ideas and are never satisfied
with the details everything has to be
perfect and in order and there is always
something you need to achieve sometimes
you can be obsessed with an idea but
always find a modest way to succeed and
prefer to take action people respect you
for your honesty and can rely on your
word your thumb looks like C type if the
bottom of your thumb is bigger than the
top you are a hard worker life probably
doesn't give you an easy way to succeed
but you will overcome any obstacles and
always find the good people with this
thumb shape are confident and smart
you bring intelligence into every dream
your ideas are always clear and there
are not many things that confuse you
that is why you are often a
appreciated at work as a reliable person
your thumb is flexible put your hand
into a thumbs up position if you have a
flexible finger you're more expressive
and emotional than people with straight
thumbs this shape is also called the
Hitchhiker's thumb people like you
easily adapt to changing circumstances
and new environments you are very
creative and artistic art is made for
you
individuals with flexible thumbs are
open to the world and very curious their
mind finds interesting ways of solving
problems and achieving goals your thumb
is straight put your hand into a thumbs
up position now pay attention to what
your thumb looks like if it is straight
and not flexible you are a stubborn
person who likes to dominate some people
might think that you look like a stone
with your poker face but admire that you
keep your promises they can always rely
on it sometimes people might try to take
advantage of your trust and ability to
keep your word but mostly you can
analyze everything immediately and make
the right choices without harming
yourself what kind of thumb do you have
tell us in the comment section below
remember to give us a thumbs up share
this video with your friends and hit
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life
[Music]
[Applause]